Adds a mission where the player is invited to a Coalition university seminar (#6169)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/coalition/coalition missions.txt

				decline

event "alitis freed"

mission "Saryd University Lecture"

> 	name "Saryd Scientists"

Reviewer: Needs a verb; maybe "transport?"

```suggestion
	name "Transport Saryd Scientists"
```

	description "Starlit University on <planet> is hosting a seminar on xenology. Transport a guest speaker there by <date>. Payment is <payment>."
	passengers 1
	deadline
	to offer
		random < 40 
		has "Coalition: First Contact: done"
	source "Warm Slope"
	destination "Shadow of Leaves"
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`As you exit from a restaurant in the spaceport, you notice a rumpled-looking Saryd staring at you. This is not particularly unusual for you, as you are quite a strange sight here in Coalition space. However, he then begins to gallop towards you, hailing you down.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`As you exit a restaurant in the spaceport, you notice a rumpled-looking Saryd staring at you. This is not particularly unusual, as consider what a strange sight you must be here in Coalition space. However, he then begins to gallop towards you, hailing you down.`
```

			`	"Captain! Excited to finally meet you, I am. Heard of the human in our space, I have, but to see you myself, special it is."`

> 			`	"A scientist, I am, and invitied to speak at a university seminar, I have been." This time, he speaks in a calmer tone of voice. "Be there by <date>, I must. The honor of transporting us to Shadow of Leaves, will you give me?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"A scientist, I am, and invitied to speak at a university seminar, I have been." This time, he speaks in a calmer tone of voice. "Be there by <date>, I must. The honor of transporting us to <planet>, will you give me?"`
```

			choice
				`	"What is the seminar about?"`
					goto "xeno"
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to transport you."`
					goto "accept"
				`	"Sorry, I can't take transport jobs right now."`
					decline
			label "xeno"

> 			`	"Funny you ask, it is. Xenologist, I am. Alien culture and physiology, I study, and the topic of the seminar, it is. Invited to give lectures on the subject, I have been. Take me there, will you?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Funny you ask, it is. A xenologist, I am. Alien culture and physiology, I study, and the topic of the seminar, it is. Invited to give lectures on the subject, I have been. Take me there, will you?"`
```

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to transport you."`
				`	"Sorry, I can't take transport jobs right now."`
					decline
			label "accept"
			`	"Wonderful!" he says. "Aelbris, I am." He soon gathers his things and boards your ship. As he enters, he seems fascinated by its structure and design. His gawking makes it difficult to get him to finally settle down into his bunk.`
					accept
	on complete
		"coalition jobs" += 3

> 		payment 232000

Reviewer: Sort of an oddly specific non-round number. Why not round it up or down, or else use a modification of the standard payment calculation?

Author: I changed it to be a bit less, as upon thinking about it 232000 seems a bit much for one bunk and a couple of jumps.

		conversation

> 			`During the trip, Aelbris was polite, if a little excited to have a human as his pilot. He asked you several questions during the flight, which you answered as best as you can. Once you and your passenger departs from your ship, Aelbris turns around.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`During the trip, Aelbris was polite, if a little excited to have a human as his pilot. He asked many questions during the flight, which you answered as best you could. Once you and your passenger departs from your ship, Aelbris turns around.`
```

> 			`	"Captain, that you must be very busy, I realize, but wondering if you could stay for the seminar, I was. You see, studying human space for years, I have been, but actually meet a human, I have not. A great boon to our field to have a human speak at our seminar, it would be."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Captain, that you must be very busy, I realize, but wondering if you could stay for the seminar, I was. You see, studying human space for years, I have been, but actually meet a human, I had not. A great boon to our field to have a human guest speaker, it would be."`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	"Captain, that you must be very busy, I realize, but wondering if you could stay for the seminar, I was. You see, studying human space for years, I have been, but actually met a human, I had not. A great boon to our field to have a human guest speaker, it would be."`
```
Just adding a small change to Pointed's suggestion.

			choice
				`	"What do I have to do there?"`
					goto "answer"
				`	"I don't think that I'd be a good representative of humanity."`
					goto "low"
				`	"How do you manage to study humanity without meeting any humans?"`
					goto "explanation"
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to."`
					goto "yes"
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time."`

> 						decline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					decline
```

			label "answer"
			`	"Answering some questions from the attendees, would you be comfortable with? Simple, they would be, about aspects of human society, physical structure, and the like, they would pertain to."`
			choice
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to."`
					goto "yes"
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time."`

> 						decline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					decline
```

			label "low"
			`	"Nonsense! Travel the galaxy, you do. A most knowledgable individual, surely you must be. Accept my offer, will you?"`
			choice
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to."`
					goto "yes"
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time."`

> 						decline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					decline
```

			label "explanation"

> 			`	"Close to Arachi space, humans are, so study radio and TV signals from your part of the galaxy, we are able to. Faint, scattered broadcasts, sophisticated receivers collect, and the signals to us, Arachi colleagues relay. From these broadcasts, we learn. Help us learn more, would you?"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Close to Arachi space, humans are, so study radio and television signals from your part of the galaxy, we are able to. Faint, scattered broadcasts, sophisticated receivers collect, and the signals to us, Arachi colleagues relay. From these broadcasts, we learn. Help us learn more, would you?"`
```

> 			`	"Close to Arachi space, humans are, so study radio and TV signals from your part of the galaxy, we are able to. Faint, scattered broadcasts, sophisticated receivers collect, and the signals to us, Arachi colleagues relay. From these broadcasts, we learn. Help us learn more, would you?"`

Reviewer 2: This does raise a question - if the Coalition can study humans in this way, how has humanity not noticed similar signals from the Coalition?

Author: According to this https://web.archive.org/web/20160708171434/http://setifaq.org/faq.html#1.2.3, humanity, using current technology, would not be able to detect broadband even a fraction of a light year away from Earth. We can assume that technology in the year 3014 has improved somewhat, but I think that it's plausible that we are still unable to detect broadcasts from the Coalition, whose planets are several light years away from us. The Coalition, because it's been around a lot longer, probably has more sophisticated technology that is able to detect human broadcasts. If anyone more knowledgeable about this can tell me if this reasoning is bull, please do so.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough. I don't know a whole lot about the subject, so that seems like a reasonable explanation to me.

			choice
				`	"Sure, I'd be glad to."`
					goto "yes"
				`	"Sorry, I don't have time."`

> 						decline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					decline
```

			label "yes"
			`	"Thank you! A great honor, you have done our field of study." He motions you to follow him.`

> 			`	The train you took to the university arrives remarkably quickly, and you are on your way towards a large building.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The train you took to the university arrives remarkably quickly, and you are soon on your way towards a large building.`
```

> 			`	You enter a room that is filled with tables of citizens from across the Coalition. A stage is at the front, where a Kimek begins to set up some sort of model. Your entrance immediately causes a stir, and several turn to look at you. Aelbris beams as he shows you to your table."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You enter a room full of tables packed with citizens from across the Coalition. A stage is at the front, where a Kimek is setting up some sort of diorama. Your entrance immediately causes a stir, and several turn to look at you. Aelbris beams as he shows you to your table."`
```

			`	"Now, unplanned, your visit is, so consult with the seminar organizers, I must. Be right back, I will."`
			`	You wait for a while, until an Arach walks up to the stage. The box's volume is much louder than normal, and you can easily hear what is being spoken.`

> 			`	"Pleased to announce that the 103rd Xenology Seminar, generously hosted by Starlit University, is now in session, I am. Noticed as you may have, in the presence of a very... unusual guest, we are. The honor of having <first> <last>, of the Rutilicus system, answer some questions at the end of today's seminar, we will have." The Arach gestures to you, as Aelbris sits down at your table.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"Pleased to announce that the 103rd Xenology Seminar, generously hosted by Starlit University, is now in session, I am. Noticed as you may have, in the presence of a very... unusual guest, we are. The honor of having <first> <last> of the Rutilicus system answer some questions at the end of today's seminar, we will have." The Arach gestures to you, as Aelbris sits down at your table.`
```

> 			`	The first speaker, a Kimek, talks about human farming methods as they compare to other members of the Coalition. Strangely enough, you see him cite human news broadcasts and television shows as if they were academic papers. All of the broadcasts are hundreds of years out of date. The whole thing feels surreal, as if you were viewing your own society from the outside.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The first speaker, a Kimek, talks about human farming methods as they compare to other members of the Coalition. Strangely enough, you see him cite human news broadcasts and television shows as if they were academic papers. All of the broadcasts are hundreds of years out of date. Viewing your own society from the outside feels surreal.`
```

				`	"I don't want to do this anymore."`
					goto scared
			label scared
			`	"To answer their questions, if you really don't want, I can't stop you, I suppose." Aelbris says with a sigh.`
					decline
			label questions
			`	As soon as you walk up to the stage, several scientists in the crowd stand up out of their chairs. An Arach comes up to you on the stage, and explains that this is their way of asking questions. She selects a Saryd from the crowd.`
			branch "hai"
				has "First Contact: Hai: offered"
			`	"Aliens besides the Quarg, are humans in contact with?"`
			choice
				`	"No, the only aliens humans know about are the Quarg."`
					goto "sad"
			label "hai"
			`	"Aliens besides the Quarg, are humans in contact with?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, humans are in contact with the Hai. They live to the north of human space, and we can visit them through a wormhole."`
					goto "know"
				`	"A few humans know about the Hai, but there's no official acknowledgement of their existence. They live to the north of human space, and we can visit them through a wormhole."`
					goto "know"
				`	"No, the only aliens humans know about are the Quarg."`
					goto "sad"
			label "sad"

> 			`	At this several in the audience sound disappointed.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	At this, several members of the audience elicit disappointed noises`
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	At this, several members of the audience elicit disappointed noises.`
```

Reviewer 2: That's a fair point!
```suggestion
			`	At this, several disappointed noises are elicited from the audience.`
```
Thoughts? Seems overly fancy but it's all that popped into my head.

				goto "nextquestion"
			label "know"

> 			`	At this several in the audience sound delighted. "Cooperation between different species, it is important to foster," says the Saryd who asked the question. An Arach asks you to point out where the Hai are on a galactic map, and you do so.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	Several members of the audience are delighted. "Cooperation between different species, it is important to foster," says the Saryd who asked the question. An Arach asks you to point out where the Hai are on a galactic map, and you do so.`
```

			label "nextquestion"
			branch "war"
				has "FWC End: completed"
			`	The Arach selects another, this time a Kimek. "All of human space, united politically is it?"`
			choice
				`	"No, human space is split between the Republic in the north and the Free Worlds in the south."`

> 				`	"No, human space is split between the Republic in the west, the Free Worlds in the south, and the Syndicate in the east. The Syndicate is technically part of the Republic, but they're very autonomous."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				`	"No, human space is split between the Republic in the west, the Free Worlds in the south, and the Syndicate in the east. The Syndicate is technically part of the Republic, but they have a lot of autonomy."`
```

			`	There are murmurs in the crowd, and several begin to write down notes on various devices."`
				goto "questionthree"
			label "war"
			`	The Arach selects another, this time a Kimek. "All of human space, united politically is it?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, all of human space is united under the Republic."`

> 				`	"Yes, but there are internal subdivisions: the Free Worlds in the south, the Republic in the north, and the Syndicate in the east."`

Reviewer 2: This is _technically_ untrue if the player chooses FW Checkmate because that results in them being autonomous from the Republic.

Author: To me, 'internal subdivisions' mean 'These divisions have their own system of government and politics'. To be honest with you though, I've never actually played Checkmate.

Reviewer 2: I think that's fair- feel free to resolve.

				`	"No. Technically all of human space is under the Republic, but the Free Worlds and Syndicate have significant autonomy."`
			`	There are murmurs in the crowd, and several begin to write down notes on various devices."`
			label "questionthree"

> 			`	The Arach picks another Kimek. "Still a problem, piracy is in human space?"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`	The Arach picks another Kimek. "Still a problem, is piracy in human space?"`
```
Just a little less confusing this way to me.

			choice
				`	"Yes, there are pirate planets on the fringes of human space."`
				`	"Piracy was a big problem in the past, but now it's a relatively minor issue."`
			`	"Stamped out, may human piracy soon be," says the Arach in a solemn tone of voice. She picks a Saryd for the next question.`
			`	"A fairly comprehensive map of human space, we have." The Saryd brings out a star map of the galactic south. "But of the core, we know not. Inform us of the galaxy, can you?"`
			branch "korath"
				or
					has "First Contact: Korathi Efreti: offered"
					has "First Contact: Laki Nemparu: offered"
					has "First Contact: Karek Fornati: offered"
					has "First Contact: Setar Fort: offered"
					has "Wanderers: Rek To Kor Efret: offered"
			choice
				`	"Sorry, I don't know what's there any more than you do."`
			`	The Saryd walks away, disappointed.`
				goto "sorry"
			label "korath"
			choice
				`	(Tell them about the Korath.)`
					goto "tell"
				`	(Don't tell them about the Korath.)`
					goto "donttell"
			label "donttell"
			`	"Sorry, I don't know what's there any more than you do."`
			`	The Saryd walks away, disappointed.`
			label "tell"

> 			`	"An alien species known as the Korath live there. They're reptillian aliens whose space has been torn apart by fighting. There are four factions. The Kor Sestor and Kor Mereti have been fighting a civil war using solely autonomous ships. The Kor Efreti have stayed out of the civil war, living under the Quarg's protection." At this there are hisses from several in the crowd. "The last faction, the Korath Exiles, have been banished to the Core by the Quarg, for refusing to give up their ability to manufacture jump drives. They are now raiding humanity for supplies."`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	"An alien species known as the Korath live there. They're reptillian creatures whose space has been torn apart by fighting. There are four factions. The Kor Sestor and Kor Mereti have been fighting a civil war using autonomous robotic ships. The Kor Efreti have stayed out of the civil war, living under the Quarg's protection." At this there are hisses from several in the crowd. "The last faction, the Korath Exiles, have been banished to the Core by the Quarg, for refusing to give up their ability to manufacture jump drives. They are now raiding humanity for supplies."`
```

			`	The crowd shows considerable interest at this last part. "Knowledge of the jump drive, a species besides the Quarg possesses? Great news, this is! Our struggle against the Quarg, we do not take up alone. Escape the cages of the Drak, do any other species?" The Arach does not seem to mind you answering another question.`
			branch "unfettered"
				has  "First Contact: Unfettered: offered"
			choice
				`	"Sorry, I don't know of any other species that does that."`
					goto "sorry"
			label "unfettered"
			choice
				`	"There is a faction among the Hai, the Unfettered. They steal from the normal Hai, and try to get their hands on jump drives any way they can."`
					goto "unfortunate"
				`	"Sorry, I don't know of any other species that do that."`
					goto "sorry"
			label "unfortunate"
			`	"Driven to such desperation, it is unfortunate that our allies against the Quarg are. Powerful like the Coalition, hopefully one day they will be."`
				goto "exit"
			label "sorry"

> 			`	The crowd's mood dampens a bit, but is still exuberant as you leave the building. It is now night, and your eyes take a moment to adjust from the lights of the lecture hall to the dark.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The crowd's mood dampens a bit, but everyone is still quite exuberant as you leave the building. It is now night, and your eyes take a moment to adjust from the lecture hall's bright lights.`
```

				decline
			label "exit"

> 			`	The crowd's mood is exuberant as you leave the building. It is now night, and your eyes take a moment to adjust from the lights of the lecture hall to the dark.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	The crowd's mood is exuberant as you leave the building. It is now night, and your eyes take a moment to adjust from the lecture hall's bright lights.`
```

			label questionthree
			`	The Arach picks another Kimek. "Still a problem, is piracy in human space?"`
			choice
				`	"Yes, there are pirate planets on the fringes of human space."`
				`	"Piracy was a big problem in the past, but now it's a relatively minor issue."`
			`	"Stamped out, may human piracy soon be," says the Arach in a solemn tone of voice. She picks a Saryd for the next question.`
			`	"A fairly comprehensive map of human space, we have." The Saryd brings out a star map of the galactic south. "But of the core, we know not. Inform us of the galaxy, can you?"`
			branch korath
				or
					has "First Contact: Korathi Efreti: offered"
					has "First Contact: Laki Nemparu: offered"
					has "First Contact: Karek Fornati: offered"
					has "First Contact: Setar Fort: offered"
					has "Wanderers: Rek To Kor Efret: offered"
			choice
				`	"Sorry, I don't know what's there any more than you do."`
			`	The Saryd walks away, disappointed.`
				goto sorry
			label korath
			choice
				`	(Tell them about the Korath.)`
					goto tell
				`	(Don't tell them about the Korath.)`
					goto donttell
			label donttell
			`	"Sorry, I don't know what's there any more than you do."`

> 			`	The Saryd walks away, disappointed.`

Reviewer 3: In Discord Xylily points out this seems to be missing a `goto sorry`.

Reviewer 3: @roadrunner56 heads up that I posted https://github.com/endless-sky/endless-sky/pull/6211 if that's easiest

Author: Thanks for catching that, sorry for not responding until now.
